README.md, before:

# JB Barcodify
Just a simple little chrome extension I made for people who work at JB Hi-Fi in Australia. When installed in Chrome and on the JB Hi-Fi website, the useless invisible PLU will be converted into a barcode that is scannable on PDA's, saving time by not having to type in the SKU into Onstage. Also adds a button to the website to easily lookup in the internal Product App!

## Features
- Converts the useless PLU on the website to a barcode using JsBarcode
- Adds a button on the page to easily look the item up in the internal Product App
- Integrates into the webpage in a nice way
- Carousel support with different configurations and colours, auto updates the barcode and the Product App link
- Removes annoyances to speed up loading (such as the ZIP and Afterpay Buttons, ask for a JB deal header)

## Special Thanks
A massive thanks goes to Johan Lindell for the [barcode generation tool (JsBarcode)](https://github.com/lindell/JsBarcode) used

## Want more?
If you have a new idea for the extension, please put in either a feature request or create a branch!

Commit message:

added product app support - beta

README.md, after:

# JB Barcodify
Just a simple little chrome extension I made for people who work at JB Hi-Fi in Australia. When installed in Chrome and on the JB Hi-Fi website, the useless invisible PLU will be converted into a barcode that is scannable on PDA's, saving time by not having to type in the SKU into Onstage. Also adds a button to the website to easily lookup in the internal Product App!

## Features
- Converts the useless PLU on the website to a barcode using JsBarcode
- Adds a button on the page to easily look the item up in the internal Product App
- Integrates into the webpage in a nice way
- Carousel support with different configurations and colours, auto updates the barcode and the Product App link
- Converts the PLU on the product app to a barcode for easier internal inventory querys
- Supports NZ and AU websites and product apps! (I cannot test the product app functionality of the New Zealand Site, but it looks like it should work)

## Special Thanks
A massive thanks goes to Johan Lindell for the [barcode generation tool (JsBarcode)](https://github.com/lindell/JsBarcode) used

## Want more?
If you have a new idea for the extension, please put in either a feature request or create a branch!
